Clarify packet types and fix status-options fields sections (#119)
vacp2p/rfc: specs/waku/waku-1.md

; pow is "a single floating point value of PoW.
; This value is the IEEE 754 binary representation

> ; of a 64-bit floating point number packed as an uint64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
; of a 64-bit floating point number packed as a uint64.
```

required-packet = 0 status /
                  1 messages /
                  22 status-update /

> optional-packet = 11 batch-ack /

Author: The batch-ack and message-response content is explained in ABNF located in the confirmations section. Perhaps that should be moved here?

                  12 message-response /

>                   126 p2p-request-complete /

Author: This is not ideal as the content of the packet is not an evenlope but directly an rlp list. This is then only defined in the mailserver specification.

Each node SHOULD respect rate limits advertised by its peers. The number of packets SHOULD be throttled in order not to exceed peer's rate limits. If the limit gets exceeded, the connection MAY be dropped by the peer.

##### Message Confirmations Field

Message confirmations tell a node that a message originating from it has been received by its peers, allowing a node to know whether a message has or has not been received.

A node MAY send a message confirmation for any batch of messages received with a Messages packet (`0x01`).

> A message confirmation is sent using Batch Ack packet (`0x0B`) or Message Response packet (`0x0C`). The message confirmation is specified in the ABNF specification below.

Author: The Batch Ack packet and message response packet are explained here. Is that ok or should we have that in a packet section?

This packet is used for sending the peer-to-peer messages, which are not supposed to be forwarded any further. E.g. it might be used by the Waku Mail Server for delivery of old (expired) messages, which is otherwise not allowed.

#### P2P Request Complete

> This packet is used to indicate that all messages, requested earlier with an P2P Request packet (`0x7E`), have been send via one or more P2P Message packets (`0x7F`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This packet is used to indicate that all messages, requested earlier with a P2P Request packet (`0x7E`), have been sent via one or more P2P Message packets (`0x7F`).
```

The content of the packet is explained in the [Waku Mail Server](./mailserver.md) specification.

### Payload Encryption

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you update changelog please
